Uri/updating flag names (#253)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/cli/options.md

**Example**

```bash
certoraRun Bank.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --nondet_difficult_funcs
```

(--nondet_minimal_difficulty)=
### `--nondet_minimal_difficulty`

**What does it do?**
This option sets the minimal difficulty threshold for the auto-summarization mode enabled by {ref}`--nondet_difficult_funcs`.

**When to use it**
If the results of an initial run with {ref}`--nondet_difficult_funcs` were unsatisfactory,
one can adjust the default threshold to apply the auto-summarization to potentially more or fewer internal functions.

The notification in the rule report that contains the applied summaries will present the current threshold used by the Prover.

**Example**

```bash
certoraRun Bank.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --nondet_difficult_funcs --nondet_minimal_difficulty 20
```

(--no_memory_safe_autofinders)=
### `--no_memory_safe_autofinders`

**What does it do?**

> This option allows compilation errors when using `certoraRun` by not marking auto-generated 

Reviewer: I would write the inverse way
```suggestion
This option avoids marking auto-generated instrumented assembly code as `memory-safe`, and may thus cause Solidity compilation errors when using `certoraRun`.
```

instrumented assembly code as `memory-safe`.

**When to use it**

> When internal functions are not found or internal function summaries are not applied 
> and the contract was compiled with Solidity version 0.8.13 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one wishes to avoid adding `memory-safe` to auto-generated assembly blocks.
```
